The designer comes back over and they say, hey, mom, the setting screen looks a bit sad like this,
could we add the same background that we currently have on the login and register screens?
Because those look pretty good and you say, sure, we can.
So you log in quickly and then what you do is you go look at the code and you say to yourself, huh?
In the setting screen, all I need to do is mimic what we had on the login screen.
That's pretty easy.
So what you do is you say contact settings background is equal to a style dot image background.
Same that we had.
And then you say attributes because we're going to set the attributes ahead of time and we'll take in
the source.
And we say that is a require of dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, slash.
Dot org slash assets slash and then we'll say that it is home underscore background check and by having
that now what we need to do is we'll say set the position.
To absolute.
Let's remove this right here so that the position to absolute set the height to 100 percent, set the
width to one hundred percent, and then once we have that, what we can do is we can go and put the
settings background around the safe area of you.
So we'll do this.
And what we can do here is just quickly wrap this and boom, if we go look at our settings screen.
Oh.
That doesn't seem to be working, does it?
Something must be going wrong here.
Well, let's quickly reload this and double check what's happening.
So if we go over here for some reason, the safe area must be overriding what's happening here.
But what happens if we put settings background right inside of here and not around the safe area?
Huh, well, then it loads, but it's not taking up the actual full height of everything, so what what
happens if we kind of do it like this where we wrap the safe area?
Like that, and we put the settings background on the top.
Well, that still isn't working.
So what if we put it at the bottom?
Oh, well, now it's running over top of everything that's not really what we want now, is it?
So what we need to do is we need to put our safe area back around everything and we'll put our settings
background like this.
We'll wrap everything once more.
But instead of using a traditional safe area, what we're going to do is we're going to create something
called a transparent, safe area.
And so what that's going to be is it's going to be.
A new concept, right, transparency, an area where we take a styled safe area.
And we adjusted a bit.
So how are we going to adjust this?
Well, we're going to say background color.
Transparent.
All right, and once we do that, what happens here is we actually load our settings view with the proper
background right over here.
Now, does this look amazing?
Well, I think it does.
Maybe it could use a little bit of extra definition to separate out the icons.
What do you think?
So what we do is we say, well, maybe our settings item needs a background color.
So we say background color and then we say R.G. be a two five five two five, five to five five and
then we'll add zero point four.
And by doing this.
OK, now there's a bit of definition between them.
And what we can say here is that between the settings, items will add a spacer.
And by adding a spacer now, there's a bit of space between them.
Now, this looks like a legitimate view that has a bit of definition, there's a bit of contrast between
the background and the items, but then the designer comes in and they say, well, I really like,
aren't we building the payment and the past order soon?
Aren't those coming pretty soon?
And you say, yeah, yeah, those are coming pretty soon.
What could we put the items in the list just so that we know and you say, sure, we can do it.
We definitely can.
And so what we do is we go ahead and we add some more items with spacers between them.
And instead of them calling on logout, we temporarily make them call no and by calling no.
Now they are able to kind of be on the screen, add some more real estate, but we need to change them
up.
So what we see here is that.
For this one, we're going to call it past orders or let's call this one payment, and then when we
call it payment, what we're going to give it is the icon of the card.
And so here's where you'll be able to manage your payment down the line and then here will say past
orders and when we do pass orders, what we'll do is we'll implement a ikon called history.
And by implementing history now we can see our past orders and our payment.
All right, so now we know that when we go to this screen.
That we have all of these menu items to click on now, these two don't do anything right now, of course,
logout is going to log me out to accidentally click that.
And so the last thing the designer asks you to do on the screen is they find that the colors are a bit
stark.
The black is a bit stark here.
So they want the favorites to be colors, dot ui, dot error so that it's a nice red.
And then they ask, hey, for the blacks, could we use the UI secondary color?
And you say, yeah, sure, sure we can.
So we go ahead and remove the color and we say colors dot ui dot secondary.
And this allows us a much nicer, much more toned down look and feel.